OK so I'm going to talk about something else outside the re-act world right now.
I'm going to talk about your six classes if you know about super and constructor.
You can just move forward to the next lecture.
I created a new Javascript can be called classes dodgiest and I've included this inside the team so
I'm not going to react I'm going to show you this.
And there's no need for you to copy.
If you if you like to copy whenever you take to you to look at occurs the course the section just don't
do it just pay attention.
OK.
I choose to show you this because if I go to the next section and call the in to the next topic which
is going to be re-act state are going to be talking about constructor and super and you're not going
to understand why.
OK so let me just start writing some code and I'm going to explain you what we can do.
I'm going to create a class of car.
It's going to be class car.
OK.
And then just open and close.
Inside this class we can have a function who's going to be called whatever function just a simple function
and this function what it's going to do is go into console lock something that's going to be console
log.
Hey just something real simple and right here at the bottom are going to create a variable.
It's going to be Konst car and it's going to be I'm going to create a new instance of this car.
OK.
So then if I called this instance of car and do dot and call that whatever function inside the console
log we're going to get hey we are just triggering this so we create a new instance of this class and
we are accessing the function inside this class.
So this it's like working with constructor functions in iOS 5 and accessing maybe the prototype and
whatever.
So this is the main idea.
What we need to do is to really to reproduce reproduce this and how to access the prototype in react
with ESX to this is the main idea of deception.
So in react we're not going to use Prototype anymore.
We use the keyboard constructor.
OK so I'm going to go right here at the top.
And if you don't know what I'm talking about don't worry you're going to get it in a few seconds.
I'm going to call to a method that's going to be called constructor.
This constructor is going to have some settings inside and the settings it's going to be just some settings
about a car.
So this car is going to have some wheels so I'm going to say this wheels equal and has four wheels and
we can say this and are going to make the type of the car is going to be a hatchback.
Whenever you get a big car fan get the time.
So I have a class I have a constructor and inside the constructor.
I have some default settings so whenever I create an instance of car I have access to this settings.
Now if I wanted to create a new class outside the car class I can go right here and create a class of
for it just a brand and inside for it.
What I want to do I want to bring all the settings of a car.
OK I want to create this class create an instance of this like this.
This class is for class going to do right here for it.
And I'm going to create a new fort that's fine.
So it's going to be for OK.
So I just did the same thing.
I created a Ford and I'm creating an instance of this Ford class.
Now what I want to do whenever I use the Ford class I went to import all the default settings from car
so car.
It's going to be like a parent class for Ford.
OK.
So to make a connection between them I can say right here that Ford it's a child of car.
And then what I'm when I use this class they want to bring all the information of cart.
So what are we going to do.
Again just like we did with that component it stands and we're going to bring car and so now forward
it's the child of course.
It's connected to car.
Now inside here if I want to bring all the default settings right here that we have inside card but
we need to bring it inside Ford what you can do I can call the constructor.
So I'm going to say constructor and again right here.
So the thing is that they should be working but it's not going to get a neural it can say must call
super constructor interpret class before accessing this.
The thing is that whenever we extend an element and we call the constructor we need to do something
else which we call super.
So if I go inside the constructor and do Super just like that I get no error.
OK.
Now if I go right here and do console log and I access the forward instance I have right here and I
call the wheels since we are importing all the default settings from car we should be able to access
the wheels.
So I'm going to say Ford wheels if we reload the page I get for it.
OK.
So we can see with the extents the constructor and the Super we can bring default settings from a parent
class.
So this is pretty much what we can do would react.
This is going to be like react for example and right here we can create an instance of react whenever
we use react and it triggers the first instance of the application is going to kind of create a default
class with a bunch of settings right here.
And this is going to be called prompts.
So this prompts I'm going to just put forth.
It's going to be a lot of options we have for react.
And this is provided by react and inside prompts we can have a lot of default settings for react.
So whenever we create an X for example a header and we extend component it's going to be re-act component.
So we can bring all the default settings from react to this component to our new components.
So right here it's going to be better extents react and right here of course I need to do something
else.
It's going to be the cards can be of course Hetter and I'm going to just change everything too so it
can make sense.
So if we call Hetter react whatever function I think of AG There go react and then hetter instead of
forward.
We're going to get pretty much two valleys if I called the Petar that prompts I'm accessing this class
and I'm calling the prompts but the prompts we're bringing all the prompts from super.
From the parent class which is react this it's going to bring all the default settings from the re-act
components.
So this is the main idea.
The main idea of state whenever we use re-act stayed and we're going to talk about re-act state.
What are you going to do right here.
We can call the constructor we can call the super and right here we're going to call the prompts and
inside prompts we have access to all the default settings for react.
All right.
We're going to do that on the next section.
Let's move forward to the next one and start using state.